// sachinc  Game Theory [Competitive Programming]  
// is not that often asked, but usually problems do come up revolving around the topic in short contests with a mixture of 
other topics like range querying or greedy or dynammic programming.

// at each step he already knows the possible outcome after taking each decision => so they are going to take the decisons vey
carefully 
// 22 nov 2020 I have came with a very intresting problem on codeforces having rating 1100 (Tag => game theory , dp)but learned
a lot from it 
If two players are playing a game then the winning strategy will the optimal one which gives the victory
at any step if there are two choices then he will win surely as he already knows the possible outcome after each move(decision)


Lets start with a simple problem.
Note: It is assumed in all problems, the characters play optimally (play to win).
Problem Statement:
Two players Alice (A) and Bob (B) are playing a game. The game consists of a pile of stones of size N. The game always begins with Alice making a move. A move means to either remove 1 stone or 2 stones from pile, and each person makes a move alternatively. The person to make the last move wins i.e. the person left with no stones to pick loses. [Recommend you to think about it yourself before moving ahead.]
Solution:
Lets try to analyze the problem from base cases.
For N=1, A wins the game directly as A can directly pick up a stone, and B is left with none.
For N=2, A wins the game again (same reason as above).
For N=3, B wins the game disregard of whatever A moves.
For N=4, A wins the game again. A can pick up 1 stone and no matter what B does then, A can win.
Similary, when you write it for a few more Ns, you will realize that for multiples of 3, A will lose and in other cases A will win.
Hence, it can be deduced that the winning strategy is simply to bring down the opponent on a multiple of 3, cause for every non-multiple of 3, if you are at, you can reach a multiple of 3 (by removing one or two stones), and therefore you end up bringing the opponent at 3 stones, thereby winning the game. And if a player is already with multiple of 3 stones, he cannot bring other to a multiple of 3 state.
Therefore Multiple of 3 will be called a losing state and Non multiple of 3 will be called a winning state for the player about to move.